#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via -r requirements.in
aiomysql==0.2.0
    # via databases
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==24.3.0
    # via aiohttp
azure-core==1.32.0
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
azure-storage-blob==12.24.0
    # via
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   cloudpathlib
azure-storage-file-datalake==12.18.0
    # via cloudpathlib
backoff==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
boto3==1.35.90
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cloudpathlib
    #   cpg-utils
botocore==1.35.90
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   cpg-utils
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudpathlib[all,azure,gs,s3]==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cpg-utils
cpg-utils==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-storage-blob
databases[mysql]==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
deprecated==1.2.15
    # via cpg-utils
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
fastapi[all]==0.115.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   strawberry-graphql
fastapi-cli[standard]==0.0.7
    # via fastapi
frozendict==2.4.6
    # via cpg-utils
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cpg-utils
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.5.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.3.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-bigquery==3.11.4
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-logging==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-pubsub==2.18.3
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.22.0
    # via cpg-utils
google-cloud-storage==1.43.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cloudpathlib
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.66.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
graphql-core==3.2.5
    # via strawberry-graphql
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.7
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
grpcio==1.68.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via fastapi
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via fastapi
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
orjson==3.10.12
    # via fastapi
packaging==24.2
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
protobuf==4.25.5
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-extra-types==2.10.1
    # via fastapi
pydantic-settings==2.7.0
    # via fastapi
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pymysql==1.1.1
    # via aiomysql
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   strawberry-graphql
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   strawberry-graphql
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   uvicorn
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   cpg-utils
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
rich-toolkit==0.12.0
    # via fastapi-cli
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.4
    # via boto3
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   python-dateutil
slack-sdk==3.20.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via databases
starlette==0.41.3
    # via fastapi
strawberry-graphql[fastapi]==0.256.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via cpg-utils
toml==0.10.2
    # via cpg-utils
typer==0.15.1
    # via fastapi-cli
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   strawberry-graphql
    #   typer
ujson==5.10.0
    # via fastapi
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==1.0.3
    # via uvicorn
websockets==14.1
    # via uvicorn
wrapt==1.17.0
    # via deprecated
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
