#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements-dev.txt requirements-dev.in requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.14
    # via -r requirements.in
aiomysql==0.2.0
    # via databases
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
astroid==4.0.1
    # via pylint
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   flake8-bugbear
azure-core==1.32.0
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
azure-storage-blob==12.24.0
    # via
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   cloudpathlib
azure-storage-file-datalake==12.18.0
    # via cloudpathlib
backoff==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
black==24.10.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
boto3==1.35.90
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cloudpathlib
    #   cpg-utils
botocore==1.35.90
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   cpg-utils
    #   s3transfer
bump2version==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   functions-framework
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudevents==1.11.0
    # via functions-framework
cloudpathlib[all,azure,gs,s3]==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cpg-utils
coverage[toml]==7.6.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
cpg-utils==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   pymysql
databases[mysql]==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
deprecated==1.2.15
    # via cpg-utils
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via cloudevents
dill==0.3.9
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
docker==7.1.0
    # via testcontainers
duckdb==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
fastapi[all]==0.116.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   strawberry-graphql
fastapi-cli[standard]==0.0.8
    # via fastapi
fastapi-cloud-cli==0.1.4
    # via fastapi-cli
filelock==3.16.1
    # via virtualenv
flake8==7.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   flake8-bugbear
flake8-bugbear==24.12.12
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flask==3.1.1
    # via functions-framework
frozendict==2.4.6
    # via cpg-utils
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
functions-framework==3.8.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cpg-utils
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.5.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.4.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-bigquery==3.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.in
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-logging==3.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-pubsub==2.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.in
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.22.0
    # via cpg-utils
google-cloud-storage==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cloudpathlib
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.66.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
graphql-core==3.2.5
    # via strawberry-graphql
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.7
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
grpcio==1.68.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via functions-framework
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
identify==2.6.4
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via opentelemetry-api
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
isort==5.13.2
    # via pylint
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   flask
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
libcst==1.5.1
    # via strawberry-graphql
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
openapi-generator-cli==7.16.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
opentelemetry-api==1.38.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
orjson==3.10.12
    # via fastapi
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   deprecation
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
    #   strawberry-graphql
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   black
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
protobuf==4.25.8
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic[email]==2.10.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-extra-types==2.10.1
    # via fastapi
pydantic-settings==2.7.0
    # via fastapi
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   rich
    #   strawberry-graphql
pylint==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pymysql[rsa]==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   aiomysql
    #   testcontainers
pytest==8.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   strawberry-graphql
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   testcontainers
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   strawberry-graphql
pytz==2024.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   libcst
    #   pre-commit
    #   uvicorn
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   cpg-utils
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   strawberry-graphql
    #   typer
rich-toolkit==0.14.8
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
rignore==0.6.4
    # via fastapi-cloud-cli
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.4
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==2.33.1
    # via fastapi-cloud-cli
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   python-dateutil
slack-sdk==3.20.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   databases
    #   testcontainers
starlette==0.47.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   strawberry-graphql
strawberry-graphql[debug-server,fastapi]==0.268.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via cpg-utils
testcontainers[mysql]==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via cpg-utils
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via pylint
typer==0.15.1
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   strawberry-graphql
types-pymysql==1.1.0.20241103
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   strawberry-graphql
    #   testcontainers
    #   typer
ujson==5.10.0
    # via fastapi
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   testcontainers
uvicorn[standard]==0.34.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   strawberry-graphql
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
virtualenv==20.28.0
    # via pre-commit
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via functions-framework
watchfiles==1.0.3
    # via uvicorn
websockets==14.1
    # via uvicorn
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   functions-framework
wrapt==1.17.0
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   testcontainers
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
